In all cases, written answers (apart from code) should not be longer than about three paragraphs.  Graders may not read all of your
submission if it is longer than that.

Homework Reflection 9

1. Write some code that will use a simulation to estimate the standard deviation of the coefficient when there is heteroskedasticity.  
Compare these standard errors to those found via statsmodels OLS or a similar linear regression model.

2. Write some code that will use a simulation to estimate the standard deviation of the coefficient when errors are highly correlated / non-independent.
Compare these standard errors to those found via statsmodels OlS or a similar linear regression model.

Show that if the correlation between coefficients is high enough, then the estimated standard deviation of the coefficient, using bootstrap errors, 
might not match that found by a full simulation of the Data Generating Process.  (This can be fixed if you have a huge amount of data for the bootstrap simulation.)

Homework Reflection 10

We are skipping this one, this time.

Homework Reflection 11

1. Construct a dataset for an event study where the value, derivative, and second derivative of a trend all change discontinuously (suddenly) after an event.
Build a model that tries to decide whether the event is real (has a nonzero effect) using:
(a) only the value,
(b) the value, derivative, and second derivative.
Which of these models is better at detecting and/or quantifying the impact of the event?  (What might "better" mean here?)

2. Construct a dataset in which there are three groups whose values each increase discontinuously (suddenly) by the same amount at a shared event; they change in parallel
over time, but they have different starting values.  Create a model that combines group fixed effects with an event study, as suggested in the online reading.
Explain what you did, how the model works, and how it accounts for both baseline differences and the common event effect.

Homework Reflection 12

Construct a dataset in which prior trends do not hold, and in which this makes the differences-in-differences come out wrong.  Explain why the
differences-in-differences estimate of the effect comes out higher or lower than the actual effect.
